From who's done a lot of music publishing.
And then when I start talking about topics,
have a black woman and Jennifer Farmer who's a great publicist,
but she's also a publicist for like former senator of Ohio,
Nina,
Nina Turner in Mega Church pastors.
So she knows she's helping me keep my image clean.
But you know,
she doesn't want me getting on television,
talking about doing cocaine and smoking joints and I don't do cocaine.
But it's like if I go to Columbia,
I do coat and she's just,
you could just see her face st behind.
She's going,
oh my God.
And you know,
churches are calling.
They're like,
this guy supports ar 15 so,
so I thank you Jennifer for you for tolerating.
He should put,
she's got to understand that.
That's also a part of why people like you.
Yeah,
she does it,
you know,
it's just,
it's just something to deal like that at work.
I get it.
I wouldn't want to be here,
but you have to do what you do.
Like that's probably what makes you fun.
Absolutely.
You know,
know what they're going to get,
what the,
what it is.
No filter.
Yeah,
you got it,
man.
You got somebody has to,
somebody has to shake the box a little bit.
Somebody has to be the kid that's willing to poke the Hornet's nest just to see
how many are flowers.
You know,
my two of my greatest heroes,
when black people usually talk about heroes,
right?
We talk about Martin,
Malcolm [inaudible],
Elijah Muhammad,
Mario,
Marcus Garvey,
then,
but two of my biggest heroes coming up,
we're Luther Campbell and Larry Flynt,
right?
Because in my lifetime I saw Luther Campbell and Larry Flynt fight the
government on behalf of the American people's right to say whatever they want it
to say.
So at the same time,
in my formative years,
I was learning to love the bill of rights,
the preamble,
and you had to say its constitution,
constitution.
I got a chance to see people fight for my right.
And I couldn't wait to be a rapper,
just soccer curse and by my own titty books.
And those people have shaped my life in terms of love,
of freedom and liberties as much as the Thurgood Marshall,
you know,
as as much as,
uh,
as much as a Barbara Jordan as much as a,
as a Shirley Chisholm.
So for me,
who I am as needed,
you know,
it's an,
I remember one of my friends say,
Mike,
I like the fact you're talking on social issues.
Um,
but why do you always feel necessarily talk about smoking Weed and Strip clubs?
I say,
because that's what I really do.
And I never want someone to be able to from the other side to say,
don't like this guy because he smokes marijuana,
goes to strip clubs.
I want whoever they say that to to say,
yeah,
and he goes with his wife and they smoked together.
I don't want it to be some secret I keep,
I want people to understand that when I want you to be free,
I don't want you to be free to agree to see the world the way I do.
I want you to be free to live as you would like to live.
So long as it doesn't infringe on me and others that's supposed to be with this
is all bout that.
Yeah.
It's supposed to what this country's all about.
That's what Miss Ellen said.
Told him.
Yeah.
In high school.
Well,
the Luther Campbell thing was so strange because it was at one area in Florida,
right where they had brown strick brass blasphemy laws.
Yeah.
They've tried porn stars there before.
He tried some male porn stars doing some really fucked up videos.
They tried him down there for,
for obscenity and they had them locked up.
They,
they,
you know,
it's very conservative and they had just decided that the two live crew was just
too much.
They are willing,
they were drawing a line in the sand.
Huge.
But it was,
it's a crazy thing to do when something's very popular,
you know,
like,
yeah,
if you're not,
but you know,
they,
they also make examples out of the popular.
Yeah.
I just found out what the what the monkey on a stick thing,
man.
With what apparently monkeys an idiot while out.
So farmers will kill unlucky and put his head on six other markets and all,
hey,
this is dangerous to do.
Right?
So essentially famous people you meet you Luther Campbell,
Lenny Bruce,
you know Rodney Dangerfield,
Andrew Dice,
clay,
Richard Pryor,
anymore.
What you become is something to symbolize what will happen if you dare step out
of line of social order.
So you,
your head being on a stick is,
it's less about actually charging you for crimes and more about keeping the rest
of the public and fierce and lynching.
And a lot of times we don't want to say that,
but it really is.
You know what I mean?
So do you think they see something like two live crew come up?
They never had a rap band like a nanny kind of band like two live crew right
there.
Word what's next?
So exact the shit in the bud.
Let's nip it in the bud.
Put the head in the stuck.
Put their head on the stick right there in the yard and thank God Luke fault.
I can remember a channel two or five ABC or CBS.
And they were,
they were,
they were getting off the plane and my town,
and I'm a kid watching this white up 1213 years old and the news reporters just
went timmsy style.
Just put it in their face and I can remember brother mark,
he's just pulling up a playboy magazine and the titties being right there on the
screen.
I'm like,
yes,
because it's lot of ta and report aldols dropped the camera,
you know,
trying to get it out.
But that's what,
that's what made me love the United States constitution when it matters the
freedom of speech because I got a chance to see it fought for an exercised right
there before me as I was learning about it isn't an interesting that really what
we're concerned with too is visuals.
We're not concerned with what people write down,
what we're concerned with,
what people say,
but we're not like he,
you could write that in a book and no one what?
You could write his lyrics in a book and no one would get mad at that,
at that book.
Something about them singing it and people singing along to it.
Yeah.
People are like,
this is it.
We gotta we gotta stop civilizations falling apart.
We've got to stop this.
Yeah.
Well I mean,
you know,
songs,
vibrations,
humming,
you know,
meditation,
your Hump,
you know,
that rhythm changes things,
it opens your mind.
It clears you.
You know what I mean?
It had it not,
you know,
had it not been for an artist like little Kim,
would you have feminism and the way you have now,
would you have women gladly celebrating their sexuality and bodies if it wasn't
for her?
She never gets the credit.
Do you think people know how extravagant she was and her time?
I think she doesn't get the credit she deserved.
I think women know that it became safe for them to be sexually aggressive and
free because of her,
the women that you know were coming of age yet in our time.
But I don't think in retrospect,
because wraps young,
you know,
it's only 45 46 years old.
I don't think that,
I just think it's getting to the point where we appreciate what we've,
what we've accomplished.
So a little Kim is going to become more celebrated as the years go on her.
You know,
Kaia choice.
He boss like so many hip hop has been a very fair game.
The women are very long time.
You know what,
whether people want to know it or not,
you know,
you have,
you've always had to call her response records in hip hop.
I get on there and the baddest mother fucker in the world and then a girl pops
up behind you now mother fucker on battery.
You know what I mean?
Those records have been around forever,
so they've,
we've always promoted equality within because it made money.
It made sense.
And women with the audience too.